update EyeDropper API (#29858)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/eyedropper_api/index.md

To prevent malicious websites from getting pixel data from a user's screen without them realizing, the **EyeDropper API** implements the following measures:

> - The API doesn't let the eyedropper mode start without user intent. The {{domxref("EyeDropper.open()")}} method can only be called in response to a user action (like a button click).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The API doesn't let the eyedropper mode start without user intent. The {{domxref("EyeDropper.open()")}} method can only be called in response to a user action (such as a button click).
```

> - No pixel information can be retrieved without user intent again. The promise returned by {{domxref("EyeDropper.open()")}} only resolves to a color value in response to a user action (clicking on a pixel). So the eyedropper cannot be used in the background without the user noticing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- No pixel information can be retrieved without user intent. The promise returned by {{domxref("EyeDropper.open()")}} only resolves to a color value in response to a user action (clicking on a pixel). So the eyedropper cannot be used in the background without the user noticing it.
```
